hey guys sorry for the crappy lighting
and stuff in my hair's like probably all
monthly and stuff but I woke up like
knocks here long ago and basically what
this video is going to be is me trying
to lighten my hair with vitamin C
tablets um and let me just mention that
I've done this before and right now my
hair looks black probably because the
lighting in person it's actually like
white lighter like it's like light brown
not like okay it's dark brown sorry like
a chocolate brown know where you're like
wrong but I'm gonna try to see that's my
hair like right now like the roots of
light hey it looks really black and I
don't know why I'm trying to like this
I'm hit it but I am naturally like
blondish hair like it's a dirty blonde
okay let me just try to get like okay so
I don't really have good lighting but
there's pieces of my hair where it's
like blonde and you can see like his
previous oprius leave my hair was long
my whole life was blonde and I dyed it
blonde but for some odd reason I didn't
like it because I thought it looked too
damaged and now I want my hair light
again so I'm gonna be doing what you're
going to buy you is some vitamin C
tablets I suggest you get the Potter
because it probably works better so I'm
going to crush these up and I'm just
doing this I know how we want to here X
long so I'm just making a small portion
of my hair probably the front for liner
yeah this much if you have long hair oh
okay gadlight once again you probably
way more okay she's up and I'll be back
in anything what I did was I put all the
powder in a cup now I'm going to add
some dishwashing soap into this powder
so um
dishwashing you know whatever it's lemon
flavored think I put a little bit and
then I'm going to get my lemon scented
head and shoulders which really helps
trip the hair color out of your hair
and now I'm just gonna leave my hair in
a towel for like two hours
you
so here are the results some pieces went
back to its colors my hair still wet so
I should look better like like when it's
dried there's a lighter and my
highlights over here they are starting
to come back
look this piece right here this piece
colors are coming back so I'm pretty
impressed with the results like it
wasn't what I thought was going to
happen I thought my hair would go like
much lighter but pieces of it did which
I'm satisfied with I guess for now back
to the rest my shop maybe I'll do it a
second time I really recommend this I
guess it works just don't put olive oil
in your hair after it that's what I did
in my hair is like super breezy now so
kind of work kind of really brought out
like some highlights of my hair like
they're actually blond highlights I have
right now on the side of my head okay so
thanks for watching stay tuned for my
videos and subscribe if you want more
tutorials on hair and makeup okay bye
guys